content/home/awards.md, before:

---
active: true
# An instance of the Pages widget.
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/
widget: pages

# This file represents a page section.
headless: true

# Order that this section appears on the page.
weight: 15

title: Selected Awards
subtitle:

<!-- content:
  # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
  page_type: post
  # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
  count: 5
  # Filter on criteria
  filters:
    author: ""
    category: ""
    tag: ""
    exclude_featured: false
    exclude_future: false
    exclude_past: false
    publication_type: ""
  # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
  offset: 0
  # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
  order: desc

design:
  # Choose a view for the listings:
  #   1 = List
  #   2 = Compact
  #   3 = Card
  #   4 = Citation (publication only)
  view: 2 -->
---
- [H.M. the King Bhumibhol Adulyadej’s 72nd Birthday Anniversary Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/panboonyuen_72nd_anniversary_of_HM_King_Bhumibol_scholarship_v2.jpg) (Master) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/panboonyuen_72nd_anniversary_of_HM_King_Bhumibol_scholarship_v3.jpg))
- [The 100th Anniversary Chulalongkorn University Fund for Doctoral Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/panboonyuen_Recipient_100years_2_2560_v2.jpg) (Ph.D.) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Recipient_100years_2_2560.pdf))
- [The 90th Anniversary of Chulalongkorn University Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Recipient_90yearsfund_2_2563.pdf) (Ph.D.)
- [Postdoctoral Grant, Ratchadapisek Research Fund (RRF) (Chulalongkorn University)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/postdoc/Recipient_Posdoc_6_65.pdf) (Postdoc, 2021-2025) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/postdoc/Recipient_Posdoc_6_65.pdf))
- [Postdoctoral Research Grant, Second Century Fund (C2F) (Chulalongkorn University)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Website_Announcement_Postdoc_May_2025.pdf) (Postdoc, 2025-2026) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Website_Announcement_Postdoc_May_2025.pdf))
- Top 1% Score in University [Differential Calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differential_calculus) and [Engineering Mathematics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engineering_mathematics)
- 2017 [Best Student Paper Award](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-60663-7_18) in International Conference on Computing and Information Technology ([IC2IT](https://link.springer.com/conference/ic2it))
- 2019 [Best Young Researcher Paper Award](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/QOL-TransportAI/) in First International Conference on Smart Technology & Urban Development ([STUD](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9018796))
- 2020 [Ph.D. Defense Pass](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/talk/ph.d.-thesis-defense/). Proudly completed my doctoral journey, advancing the frontier of geospatial AI with [FusionNetGeoLabel](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/FusionNetGeoLabel/) ([Ph.D. Defense Slides](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/panboonyuen_phd_defense_2020.pdf))
- 2022 [Bangkok Marathon 42.195K Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2022-11-22-bangkok-marathon-2022conquering-the-full-marathon/) with successfully completed a full marathon run (42.195 kilometers) ([Bangkok Marathon](https://www.bkkmarathon.com))
- 2024 [IRONMAN 70.3 Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-02-21-the-day-i-became-an-ironman/) with successfully completed a challenging triathlon consisting of a 1.9K swim, 90K bike ride, and 21.1K run ([IM70.3](https://www.ironman.com/races))
- 2024 [Laguna Phuket Triathlon Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/Laguna_Phuket_Triathlon/Panboonyuen_RaceCertificate_LAGUNA_PHUKHET_TRI_2024.png) with successfully completed a challenging triathlon consisting of a 1.8K swim, 55K bike ride, and 12K run ([LPT](https://www.lagunaphukettri.com/lpt-individual/))
- 2024 [Distinguished Reviewer for the Bronze Level](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=42) of IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/IEEE_Transactions_on_Medical_Imaging_Distinguished_Reviewer_Certificate_2024.pdf))
- 2025 [Chombueng Marathon 42.195K Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-01-20-chom-bueng-marathon-2025/) with successfully completed a full marathon run (42.195 kilometers) ([Chombueng Marathon](https://www.runningconnect.com/event/CBM2025))
- 2025 [Oral Presentation – Selected Among Top 12.5% Abstracts](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-07-17-cuicu-customizing-unsupervised-instruction-finetuned-language-models/) at the 14th Critical Care Conference, organized by the Thai Society of Critical Care Medicine ([TSCCM](https://www.tsccm2025.com/home.php))
- 2025 [Global Young Scientists Summit (GYSS) Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-01-11-where-science-meets-inspiration/) from Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn ([GYSS](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/GYSS/panboonyuen_GYSS2025_announcement_EN.pdf))

Reviewer for International Journals/Conferences:

- Invited Reviewer of [Pattern Recognition](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_PR_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Neurocomputing](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_NEUCOM_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data](https://dl.acm.org/journal/tkdd) (ACM)
- Invited Reviewer of [Computer Vision and Image Understanding](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_YCVIU_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Computers and Geosciences](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/computers-and-geosciences) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Neural Networks](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_NN_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier) ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_NN_Recognised.pdf))
- Invited Reviewer of [Remote Sensing](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing) (MDPI)
- Invited Reviewer of [Artificial Intelligence Review](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Reviewer_Certificate_03_September_2025_AR.pdf) (Nature Portfolio)
- Invited Reviewer of [Scientific Reports](https://www.nature.com/srep/) (Nature Portfolio) ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Reviewer_Certificate_14_August_2025_SR.pdf))
- Invited Reviewer of [GIScience & Remote Sensing](https://www.tandfonline.com/toc/tgis20/current) (Taylor & Francis)
- Invited Reviewer of [European Journal of Remote Sensing](https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/tejr20) (Taylor & Francis)
- Invited Reviewer of [International Journal of Remote Sensing](https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/tres20) (Taylor & Francis)
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Artificial Intelligence](https://cis.ieee.org/publications/ieee-transactions-on-artificial-intelligence) (IEEE)
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Image Processing](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=83) (IEEE)
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging](https://www.embs.org/tmi/) (IEEE) ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/IEEE_Transactions_on_Medical_Imaging_Distinguished_Reviewer_Certificate_2024.pdf))
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=36) (IEEE)
- Invited Reviewer of [Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (PAMI)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=34) (IEEE)
- More reviews can be found under my WoS ID [AAO-4985-2020](https://www.webofscience.com/wos/author/rid/AAO-4985-2020).
- More certificates of reviewers can be found at [my GitHub Repository](https://github.com/kaopanboonyuen/kaopanboonyuen.github.io/tree/main/files/certificate).

Additional Certifications in Research Ethics:

- My certificate in GCP (Good Clinical Practice) – *Ethics in Human Research* is available in [my GCP Certificate (English)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/GCP/panboonyuen_GCP_certificate_2027.pdf) and [my GCP Certificate (Thai)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/GCP/panboonyuen_GCP_certificate_2027_Thai.pdf).

Commit message:

🔥📰 Featured AI research in Techsauce + polished summary & links — website shining with fresh innovation!

content/home/awards.md, after:

---
active: true
# An instance of the Pages widget.
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/
widget: pages

# This file represents a page section.
headless: true

# Order that this section appears on the page.
weight: 15

title: Selected Awards
subtitle:

<!-- content:
  # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
  page_type: post
  # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
  count: 5
  # Filter on criteria
  filters:
    author: ""
    category: ""
    tag: ""
    exclude_featured: false
    exclude_future: false
    exclude_past: false
    publication_type: ""
  # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
  offset: 0
  # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
  order: desc

design:
  # Choose a view for the listings:
  #   1 = List
  #   2 = Compact
  #   3 = Card
  #   4 = Citation (publication only)
  view: 2 -->
---
- [H.M. the King Bhumibhol Adulyadej’s 72nd Birthday Anniversary Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/panboonyuen_72nd_anniversary_of_HM_King_Bhumibol_scholarship_v2.jpg) (Master) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/panboonyuen_72nd_anniversary_of_HM_King_Bhumibol_scholarship_v3.jpg))
- [The 100th Anniversary Chulalongkorn University Fund for Doctoral Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/panboonyuen_Recipient_100years_2_2560_v2.jpg) (Ph.D.) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Recipient_100years_2_2560.pdf))
- [The 90th Anniversary of Chulalongkorn University Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Recipient_90yearsfund_2_2563.pdf) (Ph.D.)
- [Postdoctoral Grant, Ratchadapisek Research Fund (RRF) (Chulalongkorn University)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/postdoc/Recipient_Posdoc_6_65.pdf) (Postdoc, 2021-2025) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/postdoc/Recipient_Posdoc_6_65.pdf))
- [Postdoctoral Research Grant, Second Century Fund (C2F) (Chulalongkorn University)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Website_Announcement_Postdoc_May_2025.pdf) (Postdoc, 2025-2026) ([Recipients](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/scholarship/Website_Announcement_Postdoc_May_2025.pdf))
- Top 1% Score in University [Differential Calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differential_calculus) and [Engineering Mathematics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engineering_mathematics)
- 2017 [Best Student Paper Award](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-60663-7_18) in International Conference on Computing and Information Technology ([IC2IT](https://link.springer.com/conference/ic2it))
- 2019 [Best Young Researcher Paper Award](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/QOL-TransportAI/) in First International Conference on Smart Technology & Urban Development ([STUD](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9018796))
- 2020 [Ph.D. Defense Pass](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/talk/ph.d.-thesis-defense/). Proudly completed my doctoral journey, advancing the frontier of geospatial AI with [FusionNetGeoLabel](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/FusionNetGeoLabel/) ([Ph.D. Defense Slides](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/panboonyuen_phd_defense_2020.pdf))
- 2022 [Bangkok Marathon 42.195K Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2022-11-22-bangkok-marathon-2022conquering-the-full-marathon/) with successfully completed a full marathon run (42.195 kilometers) ([Bangkok Marathon](https://www.bkkmarathon.com))
- 2023 [AI Research Featured in Techsauce News](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/panboonyuen_Techsauce2023.jpg). Grateful to be spotlighted for pushing the frontier of AI innovation. ([Techsauce](https://techsauce.co/news/mars-deep-tech-startup-thaivivat-ai)).
- 2024 [IRONMAN 70.3 Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-02-21-the-day-i-became-an-ironman/) with successfully completed a challenging triathlon consisting of a 1.9K swim, 90K bike ride, and 21.1K run ([IM70.3](https://www.ironman.com/races))
- 2024 [Laguna Phuket Triathlon Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/Laguna_Phuket_Triathlon/Panboonyuen_RaceCertificate_LAGUNA_PHUKHET_TRI_2024.png) with successfully completed a challenging triathlon consisting of a 1.8K swim, 55K bike ride, and 12K run ([LPT](https://www.lagunaphukettri.com/lpt-individual/))
- 2024 [Distinguished Reviewer for the Bronze Level](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=42) of IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/IEEE_Transactions_on_Medical_Imaging_Distinguished_Reviewer_Certificate_2024.pdf))
- 2025 [Chombueng Marathon 42.195K Finisher](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-01-20-chom-bueng-marathon-2025/) with successfully completed a full marathon run (42.195 kilometers) ([Chombueng Marathon](https://www.runningconnect.com/event/CBM2025))
- 2025 [Oral Presentation – Selected Among Top 12.5% Abstracts](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-07-17-cuicu-customizing-unsupervised-instruction-finetuned-language-models/) at the 14th Critical Care Conference, organized by the Thai Society of Critical Care Medicine ([TSCCM](https://www.tsccm2025.com/home.php))
- 2025 [Global Young Scientists Summit (GYSS) Scholarship](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-01-11-where-science-meets-inspiration/) from Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn ([GYSS](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/GYSS/panboonyuen_GYSS2025_announcement_EN.pdf))

Reviewer for International Journals/Conferences:

- Invited Reviewer of [Pattern Recognition](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_PR_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Neurocomputing](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_NEUCOM_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data](https://dl.acm.org/journal/tkdd) (ACM)
- Invited Reviewer of [Computer Vision and Image Understanding](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_YCVIU_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Computers and Geosciences](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/computers-and-geosciences) (Elsevier)
- Invited Reviewer of [Neural Networks](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_NN_Recognised.pdf) (Elsevier) ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Certificate_NN_Recognised.pdf))
- Invited Reviewer of [Remote Sensing](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing) (MDPI)
- Invited Reviewer of [Artificial Intelligence Review](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Reviewer_Certificate_03_September_2025_AR.pdf) (Nature Portfolio)
- Invited Reviewer of [Scientific Reports](https://www.nature.com/srep/) (Nature Portfolio) ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/2025/Reviewer_Certificate_14_August_2025_SR.pdf))
- Invited Reviewer of [GIScience & Remote Sensing](https://www.tandfonline.com/toc/tgis20/current) (Taylor & Francis)
- Invited Reviewer of [European Journal of Remote Sensing](https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/tejr20) (Taylor & Francis)
- Invited Reviewer of [International Journal of Remote Sensing](https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/tres20) (Taylor & Francis)
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Artificial Intelligence](https://cis.ieee.org/publications/ieee-transactions-on-artificial-intelligence) (IEEE)
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Image Processing](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=83) (IEEE)
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging](https://www.embs.org/tmi/) (IEEE) ([Certificate](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/IEEE_Transactions_on_Medical_Imaging_Distinguished_Reviewer_Certificate_2024.pdf))
- Invited Reviewer of [IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=36) (IEEE)
- Invited Reviewer of [Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (PAMI)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=34) (IEEE)
- More reviews can be found under my WoS ID [AAO-4985-2020](https://www.webofscience.com/wos/author/rid/AAO-4985-2020).
- More certificates of reviewers can be found at [my GitHub Repository](https://github.com/kaopanboonyuen/kaopanboonyuen.github.io/tree/main/files/certificate).

Additional Certifications in Research Ethics:

- My certificate in GCP (Good Clinical Practice) – *Ethics in Human Research* is available in [my GCP Certificate (English)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/GCP/panboonyuen_GCP_certificate_2027.pdf) and [my GCP Certificate (Thai)](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/certificate/GCP/panboonyuen_GCP_certificate_2027_Thai.pdf).
