content/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/index.md, before:

---

title: 'Sub1 Urban Running Experience: Crushing Times and Exploring Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo'
date: 2024-09-25'  
subtitle: ''  
summary: An incredible running experience across Japan's vibrant cities—Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo. I managed to hit sub-1-hour times while soaking in the unique vibes of each place. It was the perfect mix of pushing my pace and enjoying the sights along the way!
authors:  
- admin  
tags:  
- Running
- Swimming
- Japan
- Tokyo
- Osaka
- Kyoto
image:
  caption: 'Athlete: Kao Panboonyuen'
categories:  
- Running
- Swimming
- Japan
- Tokyo
- Osaka
- Kyoto
image:
date: "2024-09-25T00:00:00Z"  
lastmod: "2024-09-25T00:00:00Z"  
featured: true  
draft: false
math: true

# Featured image
image:  
  caption: "Athlete: Kao Panboonyuen"  
  placement: 2  
  focal_point: "Smart"  
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
projects: []

---

<!-- {{< toc mobile_only=true is_open=true >}} -->

Hey guys! I just completed an incredible running experience across Japan's vibrant cities—Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo. I managed to hit sub-1-hour times while soaking in the unique vibes of each place. It was the perfect mix of pushing my pace and enjoying the sights along the way!

It was such a cool blend of testing my limits and discovering new places. Each run through those iconic spots felt like I was getting a real taste of Japan’s unique vibe and energy with every stride.

{{< twitter user="kaopanboonyuen" id="1838942597387362675" >}}

### Chapter 1: Osaka Running

This trip marks my third time in Japan, but this time I started in the Kansai region, kicking things off in Osaka. My main goal? To conquer a city run and aim for a sub-1-hour 10K.

Bright and early, after a good night’s rest, I hit the streets at 4:54 AM. The weather was just right, making the run super enjoyable. I ended up covering 10.59K at a pace of 4:42, finishing in 49 minutes. Here’s the route I took:

1. **Start at Awaza** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Awaza+Osaka)
2. **Matsushima Park** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Matsushima+Park+Osaka)
3. **Chiyoza** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Chiyoza+Osaka)
4. **Minamiizuo Park** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Minamiizuo+Park+Osaka)
5. **Kitatsumorinaka Park** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kitatsumorinaka+Park+Osaka)
6. **Deshirohigashi Intersection** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Deshirohigashi+Intersection+Osaka)
7. **Machida Gastroenterology Hospital** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Machida+Gastroenterology+Hospital+Osaka)
8. **Tsutenkaku Tower** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Tsutenkaku+Tower+Osaka)
9. **Finish at Matsuyamachi** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Matsuyamachi+Osaka)
10. **Nipponbashi** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Nipponbashi+Osaka)

![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_001.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_003.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_004.jpg)

Osaka is truly a city that hooks you; it’s filled with hidden gems waiting to be explored. After three action-packed days, it was time to move on to Kyoto!

### Chapter 2: Kyoto Running

Next up was the challenge of a sub-1-hour city run in Kyoto. I only had two days here, and luck wasn’t on my side—rain greeted me in the morning. But nothing was going to stop my determination!

I crushed the city run in Kyoto, finishing 10.78K in 49 minutes (pace 4:38), which was even faster than my Osaka run! I think the rain actually helped; the air felt fresh and invigorating. Here’s my route:

1. **Start at Kiyomizu-Jojo Station** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kiyomizu+Jojo+Station+Kyoto)
2. **Kyoto Pref. Yakuzaishikai** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kyoto+Pref+Yakuzaishikai)
3. **Matsubaracho** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Matsubaracho+Kyoto)
4. **Kawebata Police Station** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kawebata+Police+Station+Kyoto)
5. **Kyoto University (Yoshida Campus)** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kyoto+University+Yoshida+Campus)
6. **Imadegawa Street** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Imadegawa+Street+Kyoto)
7. **Kyoto Imperial Palace (Kyoto Gyoen)** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kyoto+Imperial+Palace+Kyoto+Gyoen)
8. **Naka-Dachiuri-Dori** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Naka+Dachiuri+Dori+Kyoto)
9. **Horikawa Sanjo** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Horikawa+Sanjo+Kyoto)
10. **Nishiki Market** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Nishiki+Market+Kyoto)

![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_001.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003_02.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003_03.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003_04.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_004.jpg)


Wrapping up my run in Kyoto felt like a major win—2 out of 3 goals achieved! Before heading to my final destination, I hopped on the Shinkansen back to Tokyo. 

I took my first-ever Shinkansen ride from Kyoto to Tokyo, leaving at 9:39 AM and arriving at 11:54 AM. It was an absolute treat! I opted for the Green Car for that extra comfort and snagged a window seat to soak in the views. Here’s a glimpse of that journey:

- **Shinkansen from Kyoto to Tokyo** [Explore the route here 🚄](https://www.google.com/search?q=Shinkansen+from+Kyoto+to+Tokyo)

![](city_run_images/Kao_Shinkansen_01.png)
![](city_run_images/Kao_Shinkansen_02.png)

{{< youtube id="w3lpcZRAEK4" >}}

### Chapter 3: Tokyo Running

Finally, I’ve made it to Tokyo! There’s always a surprise waiting here. Before my city run, a professor from Todai treated me to a swim at the Olympic pool used during the Tokyo 2020 Games. What an experience! I swam 1.2K in just 28 minutes at a pace of 2:25 per 100m. The Olympic-standard pool was incredible, and swimming alongside serious athletes was an adrenaline rush.

![](city_run_images/Kao_Japan_Swim_2024.png)

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_001.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_004.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_007.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_008.jpg)

Now, back to the final running mission. On my second day in Tokyo, I kicked off my run at 6:52 AM. The weather was perfect—18°C with a refreshing breeze—ideal for running.

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_006.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_005.jpg)

I wrapped up the city run covering 10.17K in 44 minutes at a pace of 4:25, marking a personal best! Here’s my route in Tokyo:

1. **Start at Shiomi Dori Street** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Shiomi+Dori+Street+Tokyo)
2. **Tokyo Aquatics Centre** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Tokyo+Aquatics+Centre)
3. **Yumenoshima Stadium** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Yumenoshima+Stadium+Tokyo)
4. **Arakawawangan-kyo Bridge** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Arakawawangan+kyo+Bridge+Tokyo)
5. **Nakasakombashi** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Nakasakombashi+Tokyo)
6. **Seishin Itchu North** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Seishin+Itchu+North+Tokyo)
7. **Kiyosuna-Ohashi Bridge** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kiyosuna+Ohashi+Bridge+Tokyo)
8. **Ojima Elementary School** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Ojima+Elementary+School+Tokyo)
9. **Finish at Ojima Komatsugawa Park** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Ojima+Komatsugawa+Park+Tokyo)
10. **Kiba Park** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kiba+Park+Tokyo)

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_001.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_003_01.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_003_02.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_004.jpg)

### Summary of My Running Experience

1. **Osaka Running:** Sub1 10.59K City Run, 49:48min, Pace 4:42
2. **Kyoto Running:** Sub1 10.78K City Run, 49:57min, Pace 4:38
3. **Tokyo Running:** Sub1 10.17K City Run, 44:58min, Pace 4:25
4. **Tokyo Swimming:** 1,200m (1.2K), 28:58min, Pace 2:25

This trip to Japan was absolutely fantastic! Even though it was late summer and winter is just around the corner, running through these three major cities expanded my horizons. I encountered amazing insights into Japanese culture, met locals, and explored unseen places. 

I can’t wait for the next experience, hopefully tackling the Tokyo Marathon (42.195K) someday! Fingers crossed!

Until next time, happy running! 🏃‍♂️🇯🇵

## Citation

> Panboonyuen, Teerapong. (Sep 2024). *Sub1 Running Experience: Crushing Times and Exploring Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo*. Blog post on Kao Panboonyuen. [https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/)

**For a BibTeX citation:**

```bash
@article{panboonyuen2024running,
  title   = "Sub1 Urban Running Experience: Crushing Times and Exploring Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo",
  author  = "Panboonyuen, Teerapong",
  journal = "kaopanboonyuen.github.io/",
  year    = "2024",
  month   = "Sep",
  url     = "https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/"}
```

{{% callout note %}}
Did you find this page helpful? Consider sharing it 🙌
{{% /callout %}}

Commit message:

🍑 Added city-run story to new experience in posts

content/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/index.md, after:

---

title: 'Sub1 Urban Running Experience: Crushing Times and Exploring Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo'
date: 2024-09-25'  
subtitle: ''  
summary: An incredible running experience across Japan's vibrant cities—Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo. I managed to hit sub-1-hour times while soaking in the unique vibes of each place. It was the perfect mix of pushing my pace and enjoying the sights along the way!
authors:  
- admin  
tags:  
- Running
- Swimming
- Japan
- Tokyo
- Osaka
- Kyoto
image:
  caption: 'Athlete: Kao Panboonyuen'
categories:  
- Running
- Swimming
- Japan
- Tokyo
- Osaka
- Kyoto
image:
date: "2024-09-25T00:00:00Z"  
lastmod: "2024-09-25T00:00:00Z"  
featured: true  
draft: false
math: true

# Featured image
image:  
  caption: "Athlete: Kao Panboonyuen"  
  placement: 2  
  focal_point: "Smart"  
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
projects: []

---

<!-- {{< toc mobile_only=true is_open=true >}} -->

Hey guys! I just completed an incredible running experience across Japan's vibrant cities—Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo. I managed to hit sub-1-hour times while soaking in the unique vibes of each place. It was the perfect mix of pushing my pace and enjoying the sights along the way!

It was such a cool blend of testing my limits and discovering new places. Each run through those iconic spots felt like I was getting a real taste of Japan’s unique vibe and energy with every stride.

{{< twitter user="kaopanboonyuen" id="1838942597387362675" >}}

### Chapter 1: Osaka Running

This trip marks my third time in Japan, but this time I started in the Kansai region, kicking things off in Osaka. My main goal? To conquer a city run and aim for a sub-1-hour 10K.

Bright and early, after a good night’s rest, I hit the streets at 4:54 AM. The weather was just right, making the run super enjoyable. I ended up covering 10.59K at a pace of 4:42, finishing in 49 minutes. Here’s the route I took:

1. **Start at Awaza** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Awaza+Osaka)
2. **Matsushima Park** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Matsushima+Park+Osaka)
3. **Chiyoza** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Chiyoza+Osaka)
4. **Minamiizuo Park** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Minamiizuo+Park+Osaka)
5. **Kitatsumorinaka Park** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kitatsumorinaka+Park+Osaka)
6. **Deshirohigashi Intersection** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Deshirohigashi+Intersection+Osaka)
7. **Machida Gastroenterology Hospital** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Machida+Gastroenterology+Hospital+Osaka)
8. **Tsutenkaku Tower** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Tsutenkaku+Tower+Osaka)
9. **Finish at Matsuyamachi** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Matsuyamachi+Osaka)
10. **Nipponbashi** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Nipponbashi+Osaka)

![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_001.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_003.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_OSAKA_004.jpg)

Osaka is truly a city that hooks you; it’s filled with hidden gems waiting to be explored. After three action-packed days, it was time to move on to Kyoto!

### Chapter 2: Kyoto Running

Next up was the challenge of a sub-1-hour city run in Kyoto. I only had two days here, and luck wasn’t on my side—rain greeted me in the morning. But nothing was going to stop my determination!

I crushed the city run in Kyoto, finishing 10.78K in 49 minutes (pace 4:38), which was even faster than my Osaka run! I think the rain actually helped; the air felt fresh and invigorating. Here’s my route:

1. **Start at Kiyomizu-Jojo Station** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kiyomizu+Jojo+Station+Kyoto)
2. **Kyoto Pref. Yakuzaishikai** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kyoto+Pref+Yakuzaishikai)
3. **Matsubaracho** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Matsubaracho+Kyoto)
4. **Kawebata Police Station** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kawebata+Police+Station+Kyoto)
5. **Kyoto University (Yoshida Campus)** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kyoto+University+Yoshida+Campus)
6. **Imadegawa Street** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Imadegawa+Street+Kyoto)
7. **Kyoto Imperial Palace (Kyoto Gyoen)** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kyoto+Imperial+Palace+Kyoto+Gyoen)
8. **Naka-Dachiuri-Dori** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Naka+Dachiuri+Dori+Kyoto)
9. **Horikawa Sanjo** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Horikawa+Sanjo+Kyoto)
10. **Nishiki Market** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Nishiki+Market+Kyoto)

![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_001.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003_02.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003_03.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_003_04.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_KYOTO_004.jpg)


Wrapping up my run in Kyoto felt like a major win—2 out of 3 goals achieved! Before heading to my final destination, I hopped on the Shinkansen back to Tokyo. 

I took my first-ever Shinkansen ride from Kyoto to Tokyo, leaving at 9:39 AM and arriving at 11:54 AM. It was an absolute treat! I opted for the Green Car for that extra comfort and snagged a window seat to soak in the views. Here’s a glimpse of that journey:

- **Shinkansen from Kyoto to Tokyo** [Explore the route here 🚄](https://www.google.com/search?q=Shinkansen+from+Kyoto+to+Tokyo)

![](city_run_images/Kao_Shinkansen_01.png)
![](city_run_images/Kao_Shinkansen_02.png)

{{< youtube id="w3lpcZRAEK4" >}}

### Chapter 3: Tokyo Running

Finally, I’ve made it to Tokyo! There’s always a surprise waiting here. Before my city run, a professor from Todai treated me to a swim at the Olympic pool used during the Tokyo 2020 Games. What an experience! I swam 1.2K in just 28 minutes at a pace of 2:25 per 100m. The Olympic-standard pool was incredible, and swimming alongside serious athletes was an adrenaline rush.

![](city_run_images/Kao_Japan_Swim_2024.png)

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_001.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_004.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_007.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_SWIM_008.jpg)

Now, back to the final running mission. On my second day in Tokyo, I kicked off my run at 6:52 AM. The weather was perfect—18°C with a refreshing breeze—ideal for running.

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_006.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_VO2MAX_51.jpg)

I wrapped up the city run covering 10.17K in 44 minutes at a pace of 4:25, marking a personal best! Here’s my route in Tokyo:

1. **Start at Shiomi Dori Street** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Shiomi+Dori+Street+Tokyo)
2. **Tokyo Aquatics Centre** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Tokyo+Aquatics+Centre)
3. **Yumenoshima Stadium** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Yumenoshima+Stadium+Tokyo)
4. **Arakawawangan-kyo Bridge** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Arakawawangan+kyo+Bridge+Tokyo)
5. **Nakasakombashi** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Nakasakombashi+Tokyo)
6. **Seishin Itchu North** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Seishin+Itchu+North+Tokyo)
7. **Kiyosuna-Ohashi Bridge** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kiyosuna+Ohashi+Bridge+Tokyo)
8. **Ojima Elementary School** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Ojima+Elementary+School+Tokyo)
9. **Finish at Ojima Komatsugawa Park** [Explore the route here 🗺️](https://www.google.com/search?q=Ojima+Komatsugawa+Park+Tokyo)
10. **Kiba Park** [Explore the route here 📍](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kiba+Park+Tokyo)

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_001.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_002.JPG)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_003_01.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_003_02.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_004.jpg)

### Chapter 4: Tokyo Farewell Run

Before wrapping up my Tokyo adventure tomorrow, I took advantage of this morning’s cool weather, with a light drizzle setting the perfect scene for my final city run—a 5K to bid this trip a fond farewell. I covered 5.16 km in 23:54 minutes (Pace 4:38). The highlight? My VO2 Max hit a new high at 51, and Garmin labeled my training status as “Peaking.” It’s the ultimate runner’s high!

![](city_run_images/KAO_PEAKING.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_VO2MAX_51.jpg)

I started my run at Nihombashihakozakicho, crossed the Eitai Bashi bridge, and continued parallel to the scenic Sumida River. Passing through the vibrant Kiyosumi-Dori Avenue at kilometer 2, I found myself immersed in Tokyo’s unique urban rhythm. I reached the serene Kiyosumi Garden by kilometer 3, before heading to Gokenborui Park at kilometer 4. The run climaxed with a sprint up Shin-Ohashi bridge, finishing at the 5K mark on the dot.

![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_5k_001.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_5k_002.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_5k_003.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_5k_004.jpg)
![](city_run_images/KAO_TOKYO_5k_006.jpg)

This city run was the perfect way to close out my time in Tokyo. From the calm river views to the bustling cityscape, every step was a reminder of how much this place has to offer. Until next time, Tokyo!

### Summary of My Running Experience

1. **Osaka Running:** Sub1 10.59K City Run, 49:48min, Pace 4:42
2. **Kyoto Running:** Sub1 10.78K City Run, 49:57min, Pace 4:38
3. **Tokyo Running:** Sub1 10.17K City Run, 44:58min, Pace 4:25
4. **Tokyo Swimming:** 1,200m (1.2K), 28:58min, Pace 2:25
5. **Tokyo Running:** Sub24min 5.16K City Run, 23:54min, Pace 4:38

This trip to Japan was absolutely fantastic! Even though it was late summer and winter is just around the corner, running through these three major cities expanded my horizons. I encountered amazing insights into Japanese culture, met locals, and explored unseen places. 

I can’t wait for the next experience, hopefully tackling the Tokyo Marathon (42.195K) someday! Fingers crossed!

Until next time, happy running! 🏃‍♂️🇯🇵

## Citation

> Panboonyuen, Teerapong. (Sep 2024). *Sub1 Running Experience: Crushing Times and Exploring Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo*. Blog post on Kao Panboonyuen. [https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/)

**For a BibTeX citation:**

```bash
@article{panboonyuen2024running,
  title   = "Sub1 Urban Running Experience: Crushing Times and Exploring Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo",
  author  = "Panboonyuen, Teerapong",
  journal = "kaopanboonyuen.github.io/",
  year    = "2024",
  month   = "Sep",
  url     = "https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2024-09-25-sub1-10k-running-osaka-kyoto-and-tokyo/"}
```

{{% callout note %}}
Did you find this page helpful? Consider sharing it 🙌
{{% /callout %}}
