content/event/about-me/index.md, before:

---
title: GET TO KNOW ME BETTER

event: GET TO KNOW ME BETTER

date: 2025-09-22

time: 21:00

all_day: false

featured: false
event_url: #https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=traKBhJm4lQ

location: C2F Postdoc, Chulalongkorn University


<!-- address:
  street: Phayathai Rd. Wangmai Patumwan
  city: Bangkok
  region: BKK
  postcode: '10330'
  country: Thailand -->

summary: Let’s meet Kao, a Senior Research Scientist at MARSAIL and a C2F High-Potential Postdoc at Chulalongkorn University. Since earning his Ph.D. in 2020, he’s been pushing the limits of AI—using transformers to unlock new insights from satellite images and geospatial data. By combining deep learning with smart optimization, Kao tackles some of the toughest challenges in remote sensing. Beyond his research, he’s passionate about inspiring and mentoring the next generation of AI innovators.

abstract: Hello! I’m Teerapong “Kao” Panboonyuen, a Senior Research Scientist at MARSAIL and a Postdoctoral Fellow at Chulalongkorn University, where I explore the intersection of rigorous mathematical foundations and transformative AI applications. I hold a Ph.D. in Computer Engineering with a strong focus on optimization theory, statistical learning, and deep neural architectures. My research bridges Vision Transformers, self-attention mechanisms, GANs, and stochastic processes, with a strong emphasis on remote sensing, geospatial analytics, and real-world predictive systems. I am particularly passionate about advancing long-range dependency modeling, inductive biases, and efficiency trade-offs, ensuring that models are not only accurate in controlled settings but also scalable and robust in real-world deployments. In teaching and mentorship, I emphasize transformer architectures, attention heads, positional encoding, and efficiency-aware optimization techniques, empowering students to apply advanced theory to impactful applications. My work spans OCR, computer vision for insurance technology, semantic segmentation in remote sensing, and generative modeling, all grounded in practical AI system design. I believe the future of AI lies in merging mathematical precision with creativity and real-world adaptability—from optimizing Transformers and refining generative models to developing predictive systems that address environmental, geospatial, and industrial challenges. My mission is simple to create AI that matters.

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2025-09-22T05:30:00Z"
#date_end: "2030-06-01T15:00:00Z"
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: "2025-09-22T00:00:00Z"

authors: []
tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'Dr. Teerapong Panboonyuen (Kao), ดร. ธีรพงศ์ ปานบุญยืน (เก้า)'
  focal_point: Right

links:
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: #https://www.youtube.com/
url_embed: #https://www.youtube.com/

projects:
- internal-project
---

### A quick glimpse at the person behind my work

This profile photo represents more than just a face—it reflects the passion, curiosity, and dedication I bring to everything I do. Whether I’m writing code, mentoring students, or diving into cutting-edge AI research, I approach it all with the same drive and focus. From lecture halls at Chula to stages at international conferences, my goal is to help shape technology that’s smarter, more human, and genuinely impactful.

> A big thank you to modern AI for enhancing these visuals, helping them align with the professional image I aim to project.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_01.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_03.png)
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_05.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_07.png) -->

I tried experimenting with different outfit styles, but in my actual work life—whether in a tech company or during my postdoc at Chulalongkorn University—I usually just wear a comfortable t-shirt. The only time I switch it up a bit is when I have a presentation, and even then, it’s still just a t-shirt. The only time I wore a suit was when I had the honor of attending the [GYSS2025](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-01-11-where-science-meets-inspiration/) event where we welcomed HRH Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn. That was such a proud and unforgettable moment for me.

> Fun fact: I had that suit tailored for [my PhD graduation](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/talk/ph.d.-thesis-defense/) at Chulalongkorn, and it was really special to be able to wear it again for another royal audience with Her Royal Highness. I felt deeply honored and grateful.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_11.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_13.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_15.png)

In the end, if I could choose just one photo that reflects me best, it would have to be this one.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_19.png)

Here’s another side of me—beyond the labs and research. This candid travel photo is from the real world. Just me, out exploring and soaking in life. I’ve visited Tokyo, where I loved visiting Meiji Shrine (Meiji Jingu), as well as Pisa and Rome in Italy. Experiencing places like these reminds me how much I love the real world. These moments recharge me and give me fresh energy to dive back into writing research papers with renewed passion.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](kao_japan_2020/KAO_PANBOONYUEN_JP20_02.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](KAO_PANBOONYUEN_ITA.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](KAO_PANBOONYUEN_ITA_02.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_img01.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_img02.png)

P.S. Here’s a fun little AI-generated art toy version of me—I was just curious to see what I’d look like as a cartoon character.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_01.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_06.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_09.png)
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_08.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_09.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_10.png)
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_11.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_12.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_07.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_04.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_02.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_03.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_05.png) -->

### Beyond the Research

So, who am I beyond the algorithms and equations?

I’m a tech enthusiast who believes in the power of innovation to make the world a better place. When I’m not deep into neural networks, you’ll likely find me on the track, in the pool, or out cycling—training for my next IRONMAN triathlon. Endurance sports like running, marathons, and triathlons keep me grounded. For me, they’re a reminder that with grit, discipline, and perseverance, anything is possible.

I’m also a lifelong learner—always curious about the latest trends in AI, technology, and science. But learning doesn’t stop at theory. I’m passionate about sharing knowledge, volunteering, and engaging with communities that foster growth and inspiration.

If you’d like to follow along with my journey, check out [My WordPress Blog](https://kaopanboonyuen.wordpress.com/).  

And if you ever want to swap stories about the newest gadgets, explore the latest research, or just chat about life, don’t hesitate to reach out at [panboonyuen.kao@gmail.com](mailto:panboonyuen.kao@gmail.com).  

**Kao Panboonyuen**

Commit message:

🛠️🎨 Integrate Diffusion-Model Cartoon Image as Profile Picture ✨

content/event/about-me/index.md, after:

---
title: GET TO KNOW ME BETTER

event: GET TO KNOW ME BETTER

date: 2025-09-22

time: 21:00

all_day: false

featured: false
event_url: #https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=traKBhJm4lQ

location: C2F Postdoc, Chulalongkorn University


<!-- address:
  street: Phayathai Rd. Wangmai Patumwan
  city: Bangkok
  region: BKK
  postcode: '10330'
  country: Thailand -->

summary: Let’s meet Kao, a Senior Research Scientist at MARSAIL and a C2F High-Potential Postdoc at Chulalongkorn University. Since earning his Ph.D. in 2020, he’s been pushing the limits of AI—using transformers to unlock new insights from satellite images and geospatial data. By combining deep learning with smart optimization, Kao tackles some of the toughest challenges in remote sensing. Beyond his research, he’s passionate about inspiring and mentoring the next generation of AI innovators.

abstract: Hello! I’m Teerapong “Kao” Panboonyuen, a Senior Research Scientist at MARSAIL and a Postdoctoral Fellow at Chulalongkorn University, where I explore the intersection of rigorous mathematical foundations and transformative AI applications. I hold a Ph.D. in Computer Engineering with a strong focus on optimization theory, statistical learning, and deep neural architectures. My research bridges Vision Transformers, self-attention mechanisms, GANs, and stochastic processes, with a strong emphasis on remote sensing, geospatial analytics, and real-world predictive systems. I am particularly passionate about advancing long-range dependency modeling, inductive biases, and efficiency trade-offs, ensuring that models are not only accurate in controlled settings but also scalable and robust in real-world deployments. In teaching and mentorship, I emphasize transformer architectures, attention heads, positional encoding, and efficiency-aware optimization techniques, empowering students to apply advanced theory to impactful applications. My work spans OCR, computer vision for insurance technology, semantic segmentation in remote sensing, and generative modeling, all grounded in practical AI system design. I believe the future of AI lies in merging mathematical precision with creativity and real-world adaptability—from optimizing Transformers and refining generative models to developing predictive systems that address environmental, geospatial, and industrial challenges. My mission is simple to create AI that matters.

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2025-09-22T05:30:00Z"
#date_end: "2030-06-01T15:00:00Z"
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: "2025-09-22T00:00:00Z"

authors: []
tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'Dr. Teerapong Panboonyuen (Kao), ดร. ธีรพงศ์ ปานบุญยืน (เก้า)'
  focal_point: Right

links:
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: #https://www.youtube.com/
url_embed: #https://www.youtube.com/

projects:
- internal-project
---

### A quick glimpse at the person behind my work

This profile photo represents more than just a face—it reflects the passion, curiosity, and dedication I bring to everything I do. Whether I’m writing code, mentoring students, or diving into cutting-edge AI research, I approach it all with the same drive and focus. From lecture halls at Chula to stages at international conferences, my goal is to help shape technology that’s smarter, more human, and genuinely impactful.

> A big thank you to modern AI for enhancing these visuals, helping them align with the professional image I aim to project.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_01.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_03.png)
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_05.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_07.png) -->

I tried experimenting with different outfit styles, but in my actual work life—whether in a tech company or during my postdoc at Chulalongkorn University—I usually just wear a comfortable t-shirt. The only time I switch it up a bit is when I have a presentation, and even then, it’s still just a t-shirt. The only time I wore a suit was when I had the honor of attending the [GYSS2025](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/blog/2025-01-11-where-science-meets-inspiration/) event where we welcomed HRH Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn. That was such a proud and unforgettable moment for me.

> Fun fact: I had that suit tailored for [my PhD graduation](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/talk/ph.d.-thesis-defense/) at Chulalongkorn, and it was really special to be able to wear it again for another royal audience with Her Royal Highness. I felt deeply honored and grateful.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_11.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_13.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_15.png)

In the end, if I could choose just one photo that reflects me best, it would have to be this one.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_profile_pic_19.png)

Here’s another side of me—beyond the labs and research. This candid travel photo is from the real world. Just me, out exploring and soaking in life. I’ve visited Tokyo, where I loved visiting Meiji Shrine (Meiji Jingu), as well as Pisa and Rome in Italy. Experiencing places like these reminds me how much I love the real world. These moments recharge me and give me fresh energy to dive back into writing research papers with renewed passion.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](kao_japan_2020/KAO_PANBOONYUEN_JP20_02.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](KAO_PANBOONYUEN_ITA.jpg)

> I tried using a diffusion model to transform a photo of me standing in front of the Colosseum in Italy into a U.S.-style licensed cartoon. The result turned out surprisingly well.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](KAO_AT_ITALY_2023_CT_V1.png)

In mid-2023, when I traveled to Italy to present my research from the MARSAIL Lab, I had the chance to stop by the Leaning Tower of Pisa in the city of Pisa. It was absolutely wonderful—the weather was perfect and the place was filled with people.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](KAO_PANBOONYUEN_ITA_02.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_img01.jpg)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_img02.png)

P.S. Here’s a fun little AI-generated art toy version of me—I was just curious to see what I’d look like as a cartoon character.

![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_01.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_06.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_09.png)
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_08.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_09.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_10.png)
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_11.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_12.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_07.png) -->
<!-- ![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_04.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_02.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_03.png)
![Teerapong Panboonyuen](panboonyuen_art_toy_05.png) -->

### Beyond the Research

So, who am I beyond the algorithms and equations?

I’m a tech enthusiast who believes in the power of innovation to make the world a better place. When I’m not deep into neural networks, you’ll likely find me on the track, in the pool, or out cycling—training for my next IRONMAN triathlon. Endurance sports like running, marathons, and triathlons keep me grounded. For me, they’re a reminder that with grit, discipline, and perseverance, anything is possible.

I’m also a lifelong learner—always curious about the latest trends in AI, technology, and science. But learning doesn’t stop at theory. I’m passionate about sharing knowledge, volunteering, and engaging with communities that foster growth and inspiration.

If you’d like to follow along with my journey, check out [My WordPress Blog](https://kaopanboonyuen.wordpress.com/).  

And if you ever want to swap stories about the newest gadgets, explore the latest research, or just chat about life, don’t hesitate to reach out at [panboonyuen.kao@gmail.com](mailto:panboonyuen.kao@gmail.com).  

**Kao Panboonyuen**
