content/event/phd-defense/index.md, before:

---
title: Ph.D. Thesis Defense

event: Chulalongkorn University Ph.D. Thesis Defense
event_url: 

location: Chulalongkorn University
<!-- address:
  street: Building 4, Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University
  city:  Wang Mai, Pathum Wan, Bangkok
  region: BKK
  postcode: '10330'
  country: Thailand -->

summary: This dissertation introduces a new architecture for remote sensing, featuring Global Convolutional Network (GCN), channel attention, domain-specific transfer learning, Feature Fusion (FF), and Depthwise Atrous Convolution (DA). Tests on Landsat-8 and ISPRS Vaihingen datasets show that this model significantly outperforms the baseline.
abstract: My thesis defense at the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University. This dissertation introduces a new architecture for remote sensing, featuring Global Convolutional Network (GCN), channel attention, domain-specific transfer learning, Feature Fusion (FF), and Depthwise Atrous Convolution (DA). Tests on Landsat-8 and ISPRS Vaihingen datasets show that this model significantly outperforms the baseline.

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2020-07-31T14:00:00Z"
#date_end: "2030-06-01T15:00:00Z"
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: "2020-07-31T14:00:00Z"

authors: []
tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: true

image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: Right

links:
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""
url_embed: ""

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
- internal-project
---
### PhD Journey: A Milestone Achieved

On May 19, 2022, I proudly completed my PhD at Chulalongkorn University, closing a remarkable chapter in my academic journey. This milestone was not just a moment of personal triumph, but also a time of reflection and deep gratitude. Graduating with a doctoral degree was a dream realized, filled with emotions that I will carry with me forever.

Throughout this journey, I was fortunate to have the unwavering support of incredible mentors, advisors, colleagues, and friends. Their guidance and encouragement were instrumental in my success, and having them by my side on this special day was a poignant reminder of the profound impact they've had on both my academic and personal development.

![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_002.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_001.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_003.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_004.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_005.png)
<!-- {{< youtube a-oWa2CS8jg >}} -->

Completing a PhD is more than just an academic achievement; it's a journey of personal growth. It demands perseverance, resilience, and the ability to navigate and overcome numerous challenges. My passion for machine learning and my commitment to research were the driving forces that kept me moving forward, enabling me to make meaningful contributions to the field.

### PhD Thesis Highlights

One of the core challenges in remote sensing is the semantic segmentation of aerial and satellite images, which is crucial for agriculture planning, map updates, route optimization, and navigation. The prevailing model at the time was the Deep Convolutional Encoder-Decoder (DCED), which faced limitations in accuracy due to its inability to recover low-level features, such as rivers and low vegetation, and the scarcity of training data.

My thesis tackled these issues by introducing a novel semantic segmentation architecture tailored for remote sensing. Key innovations included:

- **Global Convolutional Network (GCN)**: A modern CNN architecture designed to enhance feature extraction.
- **Channel Attention**: An approach to select the most discriminative filters for improved feature representation.
- **Domain-Specific Transfer Learning**: A technique to address the issue of limited training data.
- **Feature Fusion (FF)**: An addition to capture and integrate low-level features effectively.
- **Depthwise Atrous Convolution (DA)**: A method to refine extracted features for greater accuracy.

These advancements were validated through experiments on three datasets: two private corpora from Landsat-8 satellite and one public benchmark from the ISPRS Vaihingen challenge. The results demonstrated that our proposed architecture significantly outperformed the baseline model across all remote sensing imagery.

> Explore more about my PhD story [here](https://kaopanboonyuen.wordpress.com/2022/05/23/the-phd-journey/).

**Kao Panboonyuen**

Commit message:

✨ Updated my Ph.D. research work! 🚀

content/event/phd-defense/index.md, after:

---
title: Ph.D. Thesis Defense

event: Chulalongkorn University Ph.D. Thesis Defense
event_url: 

location: Chulalongkorn University
<!-- address:
  street: Building 4, Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University
  city:  Wang Mai, Pathum Wan, Bangkok
  region: BKK
  postcode: '10330'
  country: Thailand -->

summary: This dissertation introduces a new architecture for remote sensing, featuring Global Convolutional Network (GCN), channel attention, domain-specific transfer learning, Feature Fusion (FF), and Depthwise Atrous Convolution (DA). Tests on Landsat-8 and ISPRS Vaihingen datasets show that this model significantly outperforms the baseline.
abstract: My thesis defense at the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University. This dissertation introduces a new architecture for remote sensing, featuring Global Convolutional Network (GCN), channel attention, domain-specific transfer learning, Feature Fusion (FF), and Depthwise Atrous Convolution (DA). Tests on Landsat-8 and ISPRS Vaihingen datasets show that this model significantly outperforms the baseline.

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2020-07-31T14:00:00Z"
#date_end: "2030-06-01T15:00:00Z"
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: "2020-07-31T14:00:00Z"

authors: []
tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: true

image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: Right

links:
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""
url_embed: ""

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
- internal-project
---

## 🎓 Ph.D. Dissertation Defense – Triumphant

On **July 9, 2020**, I successfully defended my Ph.D. dissertation titled *"Semantic Segmentation on Remotely Sensed Images Using Deep Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Neural Network"* before a distinguished committee of Thai professors, each of whom earned their doctoral degrees from world-renowned international universities.

![](panboonyuen_phd_defense_day_01.png)

The list below shows the names of those who submitted their final Ph.D. dissertations; considering I’m from the class of 2017 (student ID: 6071467821) and graduated in 2019, it took me just two years to complete this journey—an achievement that reflects my dedication and perseverance. I’m deeply proud and grateful to myself for the commitment I gave to this work.

![](panboonyuen_phd_defense_day_02.png)

🧠 The research focused on applying deep learning techniques—specifically convolutional encoder-decoder architectures—for high-accuracy semantic segmentation in remotely sensed imagery, pushing the boundaries of geospatial AI.

🔗 **Explore the full dissertation, source code, and project resources here:**  
👉 [https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/FusionNetGeoLabel/](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/FusionNetGeoLabel/)

🔗 **Interested in the full presentation slides? You can view them here:**  
👉 [Ph.D. Defense Slides](https://kaopanboonyuen.github.io/files/panboonyuen_phd_defense_2020.pdf)

---

> **One word to define the journey:** `Triumphant` 🚀

### PhD Journey: A Milestone Achieved

On May 19, 2022, I proudly completed my PhD at Chulalongkorn University, closing a remarkable chapter in my academic journey. This milestone was not just a moment of personal triumph, but also a time of reflection and deep gratitude. Graduating with a doctoral degree was a dream realized, filled with emotions that I will carry with me forever.

Throughout this journey, I was fortunate to have the unwavering support of incredible mentors, advisors, colleagues, and friends. Their guidance and encouragement were instrumental in my success, and having them by my side on this special day was a poignant reminder of the profound impact they've had on both my academic and personal development.

![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_002.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_001.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_003.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_004.png)
![Kao_Panboonyuen_PhD](kaophd_005.png)
<!-- {{< youtube a-oWa2CS8jg >}} -->

Completing a PhD is more than just an academic achievement; it's a journey of personal growth. It demands perseverance, resilience, and the ability to navigate and overcome numerous challenges. My passion for machine learning and my commitment to research were the driving forces that kept me moving forward, enabling me to make meaningful contributions to the field.

### PhD Thesis Highlights

One of the core challenges in remote sensing is the semantic segmentation of aerial and satellite images, which is crucial for agriculture planning, map updates, route optimization, and navigation. The prevailing model at the time was the Deep Convolutional Encoder-Decoder (DCED), which faced limitations in accuracy due to its inability to recover low-level features, such as rivers and low vegetation, and the scarcity of training data.

My thesis tackled these issues by introducing a novel semantic segmentation architecture tailored for remote sensing. Key innovations included:

- **Global Convolutional Network (GCN)**: A modern CNN architecture designed to enhance feature extraction.
- **Channel Attention**: An approach to select the most discriminative filters for improved feature representation.
- **Domain-Specific Transfer Learning**: A technique to address the issue of limited training data.
- **Feature Fusion (FF)**: An addition to capture and integrate low-level features effectively.
- **Depthwise Atrous Convolution (DA)**: A method to refine extracted features for greater accuracy.

These advancements were validated through experiments on three datasets: two private corpora from Landsat-8 satellite and one public benchmark from the ISPRS Vaihingen challenge. The results demonstrated that our proposed architecture significantly outperformed the baseline model across all remote sensing imagery.

> Explore more about my PhD story [here](https://kaopanboonyuen.wordpress.com/2022/05/23/the-phd-journey/).

**Kao Panboonyuen**
